# Cplusplus-Program

Airgead Banking App Project:

  I created an application that focused on investing and the power of compound interest.  I developed an application that allows users to see how their investments will grow over time.  I felt, in this specific project, I did a good job in providing a clean and readable output that made it easy for any user, regardless of investment experience, to uderstand the function of the application.  One way I could enhance my code was making my 'main' function shorter.  I could have added a few more functions in order to clean up this area.  I made sure I did that in my next project, and did make my 'main' very minimal.  When it came to the difficulty, I feel it was not super tough.  The part that was the hardest was not even the coding aspect.  It was getting the correct calculations and translating them to code.  At points it got a little tough to read, but I did clean it up as best as I could.  I need to plan these parts more thoroughly in the future.  I feel that anytime I can complete a project, the entirety of the process will help me with future projects.  Anytime you are trying to excel at any skill, practcing and repetition is the best way to get better at it.  The more coding I do the better I will be at it.  My skills of utlizing functions got a lot better during this project.  Before I would try to cram all code in the 'main" function, but this project as helped me learn to keep that section at a minimum.  I am not perfect at it yet, but definitely improved from previous projects.  In order to make the code maintainable. readable, and adaptable, utilizing well-known and consitent coding style is important.  Having a style agreed upon by a team or group of programmers, is important in order to understand and read code.  When you are able to read and undertand the coding style, it makes it maintainable and adaptable if needed in the future.
